feat: support date types for range components (#261)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/v3/range/dynamicrangeslider.md

-   **URLParams** `Boolean` [optional]
    enable creating a URL query string parameter based on the selected range of the slider. This is useful for sharing URLs with the component state. Defaults to `false`.
-   **includeNullValues** `Boolean` [optional]
    If you have sparse data or document or items not having the value in the specified field or mapping, then this prop enables you to show that data. Defaults to `false`.    
-   **queryFormat** `String`

>     Pass the `queryFormat` prop when dealing with date-type fields. Defaults to `date`. It sets the date format to be used in the query, can accept one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set the date format to be used for querying data, default value is set to `date`. It can accept one of the following values: 
```

|       `basic_time_no_millis` |                                                                         `HHmmssZ`                                                                          |
|                       `date` |                                                                        `yyyy-MM-dd`                                                                        |
|                 `basic_date` |                                                                         `yyyyMMdd`                                                                         |
|            `basic_date_time` |                                                                  `yyyyMMdd'T'HHmmss.SSSZ`                                                                  |
|  `basic_date_time_no_millis` |                                                                    `yyyyMMdd'T'HHmmssZ`                                                                    |
|        `date_time_no_millis` |                                                                 `yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssZZ`      

> > Note: `queryFormat` is mandatory to pass when dealing with date types.

Reviewer: @mohdashraf010897 Can you check on the md formatting here? This might not render correctly.
